hello guys today we're going to be
talking about a question that I also had
and basically I have to figure out
myself and this is how to get
sponsorships getting a sponsorship is
really hard because companies don't want
to give anything for free and of course
we all understand that there are two
type of sponsorships partial
sponsorships and full sponsorships part
of sponsorship is when a company gives
you discount on one or more products and
for sponsorship is when a company send
you the part for free or sometimes you
only have to pay the shipping cost right
now I'm sponsored by carnage motorsport
and they were the first company to
sponsor magic the second sponsorship
that I got work from DVA off-road and
many of you know DBA for the
awesome-looking
fastback roof and they're also very
popular for their inner fenders and the
new sponsorship that I got bought from
[Music]
Tom woods Roger this company makes one
of the best deep and drugged Russia but
they're better known for the deep dredge
of what I really like about Tom Woods is
their customer service and that they
really stand behind their warranty and
now let's talk about how to get
sponsorships from any company what
companies are looking for is exposure
and if they give you something for free
you have to give them something back and
this is exposure and it's just in
yourself how could you do this is by
having an Instagram Facebook and YouTube
page but not just your personal
Instagram like many people's do your
Instagram accounts have to have value to
them and you can have picture about your
last trip to Hawaii or your dog pictures
oh so cute this account can only have
pictures of your deep or deep related
content companies not only look for how
many followers you have they also look
for the quality of your content like how
many likes your picture have they don't
want your account to be one of those
account repos orders people content
because if those ones we do they would
like to see your gift show in their
parts not other dips with other company
parts they don't exactly say how many
followers you should have but I think
more than 5,000 is good enough when I
say 5,000 followers I don't mean fake
followers I mean real ones I know there
are many ways to get fake followers but
trust me you can have 20,000 followers
and when you post any picture you will
only get 10 likes
and of course company will decline your
sponsorship application forever now
let's talk about Facebook you will need
to create a Facebook page and all the
pictures you post in Instagram you can
also share it on Facebook and a YouTube
account will help you do install and
reviews videos or the product they send
you because they also ask you for this
and depending on the company they will
ask you to put a sticker of the company
on your gift and go to different deep
shows and event well guys I hope this
video can help you get and so on
and I hope you can subscribe to my
channel because this helped me a lot to
continue doing videos like this if you
have any question please let me know in
the comments below and as always see you
in the next one
you